
Krayzie:
I say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, bock 
rock, body rock].
We say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, body 
rock, body rock].
Krayzie:
We paper-chasers, smoke blunts.  You'll never find a thuggish bunch or ruggish 
like us [like us].  Don't be so quick to test us.  I'll be annoyed, and might 
bust.  I'm a have to talk to Eazy through the Ouija, so I can see if maybe he 
can tell me why your hatin' on me, bitin' on me, why you want me to have to 
show you Leatherface indeed.  I'll cut you down quicker.  He's a real 
buck-'em-down, getcha, think he just rappin', but I'm down to scope 'em out 
with ya.  Playas get your checks from your ladies, get high, then your ladies 
sneak your keys from the playas and ride.  Everybody wanna party, even the 
haters with a problem.  Hey, we done solve 'em, and quick, we'll squash 'em.  
Don't know me, buck you, when you got beef, but you also got to clone styles 
and know Mo T.  See me rappin' on your TV, yackin'.  And it's a fact that when 
you see us in person, think we won't flex or show you no action.  Down for 
mine.  Got to show a busta time to time, so I figure I'll slow down the rhyme.  
So they can understand I'
m filled with so much anger and pain, and if I drop, then I'll explode like a 
army grenade in ya.  We ain't calm, time to ring the alarm, break the 
Clarence's outta prison, splittin' all the guards.  Whoo!  Power to the people, 
givin' people the power to put it down in your city, Mo be rollin' with me.  
Feel me.  I can't stand them dirty, crooked po-po.  When will we get at 'em, 
revenge 'em, they takin' no mo'.  Yeah.  Mo Thug the only click that I claim.  
Alex, we are beyond the bangin', you can say I roll with a gang, and dissin' 
chin-checkers in the makin'.  Yeah, hear me continue with the rotation.
Krayzie:
I say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, bock 
rock, body rock].
We say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, body 
rock, body rock].
Bizzy:
I heard.  I murder.  I heard.  I murder.  I heard.
Yeah (censored), we holler about all of the murders.  Look what they did to 
(Tyrone) flippin' the flow, and let it burn when pistols probably stay strong 
for Bone, (censored), you (censored) with all of the (?) and in 1999 when ya 
meet up in the end, bet it be no peace for police, the Biz here to rip the 
streets and get 'em all pissed, get (...?...), we don't take defeat.  Me 
steppin', retreat, you can lose your arms, better use your feet.  Just pick up 
my (?) yeah, nigga, yeah, yeah, hear the pump erupt.  We're corrupt as a 
four-dollar buck, come and get (censored) up, and get up outta the county, 
(censored), get rowdy, (duck into battle), disappear, -pear, in an alley, 
reappear, -pear, off in Rockford  Can you feel me, daddy? (?) I done stalk like 
Jacklyn, and went through (censored) in Cleveland, with the band, now look at 
me platinum, (censored) the rap, and corner bitch-made hation nation, nowadays 
an occupation, so why you hate me?  Still can't fade me away.  Go on, be gone.  
The point of view was made 
with the sound, and murder they (...?...). 
Krayzie:
I say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, bock 
rock, body rock].
We say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, body 
rock, body rock].
Layzie:
How you see me when you see me?  Drinkin' on Henessey and Remy.  Look in my 
eyes--they always dreamy; movin' the body as you toss it up.  I buck, the gauge 
erupt, disrupt your order.  Infantry, y'all better expect annihilation, come 
around this devon c.  I'm a soldier, organize up, but they're lovin' just us, 
army, see, full of harmony, so baby, in thugs keep trust.  You know we bust, so 
back up off me, givin' no mercy, keepin' it physical, lettin' the instrumental 
go as I break through the spiritual.  Diggin' a ditch, all you po-po, who felt 
you could come and raid, ain't no way be to safe.  It's the army brigade.  So, 
listen up, and hear what's spoken as I start this locomotion, retaliation 
because we chosen, showin' the Lord devotion.  Yeah.
Krayzie:
I say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, bock 
rock, body rock].
We say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, body 
rock, body rock].  
Wish:
Now when your messin' with me, make sure you know what you're doin', got playas 
that know what they doin' rollin' with me.  Infrared to your head.  Don't beg, 
you dead, we fled, gotta get away, gotta make sure I'm free, so when you need 
me I can buck another day.  It's a Bone thang, better ride, ride.  'Cause what 
you're messin' with, you can die-die.  Don't be surprised, Bone want your 
presidents, wanna run it all, run all, all, buck that dog, dog, I'm crazy, 
superstitious.  Don't pull no gun, if you ain't gon' spit.  Click-clack-clack 
be the sound.  These police and haters is wrong, oh.  We buckin' 'em down.  
Trust in me in harmony, I try peace.  Eternally bless my soul, Lord, and 
everybody that rides with me:  it's from me to you.  It's from me to you [me to 
you].  It's just our point of view.  It's just our point of view [point of 
view, point of view, point of view].  Yeah, and that's why I stay right.  So 
right, so right, had me lodi-da-da-da, lodi-da-da-da, da-da, da-da.
Krayzie:
I say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, bock 
rock, body rock].
We say the war shouldn't stop until they get down, body rock [body rock, body 
rock, body 